!
hostname None
!
ip domain-name None
!
no feature telnet
feature pim
feature udld
feature netflow
feature interface-vlan
feature lacp
feature vrrp
feature fex
feature dhcp
feature ospf
feature bfd
feature vtp
feature vpc
!
username  password  role network-admin
!
no logging console
!
no ip domain-lookup
!
banner motd ^C

***********************************************************************************
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS DEVICE IS PROHIBITED

You must have explicit, authorized permission to access or configure this device.

Unauthorized attempts and actions to access or use this system may result in civil
and/or criminal penalties.

All activities performed on this device are logged and monitored.

***********************************************************************************

Welcome to $(hostname)
^
!
errdisable recovery interval 180
errdisable recovery cause link-flap
errdisable recovery cause udld
errdisable recovery cause bpduguard
errdisable recovery cause loopback
!

!

!

!

!
!
vlan None
  name None
!
vlan None
  name None
!
vlan None
  name None
!
vlan None
  name None
!
vlan None
  name None

!
!
interface vlan None
  description None
  ip address None/None
  ip pim sparse-mode
  no shutdown
  None None
    address None
    priority None
	preempt
	no shutdown
!
interface vlan None
  description None
  ip address None/None
  ip pim sparse-mode
  no shutdown
  None None
    address None
    priority None
	preempt
	no shutdown
!
interface vlan None
  description None
  ip address None/None
  ip pim sparse-mode
  no shutdown
  None None
    address None
    priority None
	preempt
	no shutdown
!
interface vlan None
  description None
  ip address None/None
  ip pim sparse-mode
  no shutdown
  None None
    address None
    priority None
	preempt
	no shutdown
!
interface vlan None
  description None
  ip address None/None
  ip pim sparse-mode
  no shutdown
  None None
    address None
    priority None
	preempt
	no shutdown

!

!
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown
! Generate access port config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_None*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

!
! Generate uplink config
interface NoneNone
  description *Link_to_None_NoneNone*
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 
  no shutdown

!
! Generate mgmt config
interface mgmt0
  vrf member None
  ip address None None
!
vrf context management
ip route 0.0.0.0 0.0.0.0 None


!

!
no feature ssh
ssh key rsa 2048
feature ssh
!
cli alias name wr copy run start
!
